{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Guangchuang Yu\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 School of Public Health, The University of Hong Kong\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 (852)-62269693\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 L5-14, 5/F, Laboratory Block, Faculty of Medicine Building\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gcyu@connect.hku.hk"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
gcyu@connect.hku.hk
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 21 Sassoon Road, Pokfulam, Hong Kong\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://guangchuangyu.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://guangchuangyu.github.io
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013-2017 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b PhD}; The University of Hong Kong; {\i Evolution Study of Influenza A Virus}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2006-2009\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b MSc}; Anhui Medical University; {\i Biochemistry and Molecular Biology}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2001-2005\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc}; South China Agricultural University; {\i Biotechnology}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 Institut Pasteur, Paris; {\i Train the Trainers 2015}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Professional Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b INDA Steering Committee}; International Network for Data Analysis, Institut Pasteur\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2009-2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bioinformatician}; College of Life Science and Technology, Jinan University\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2007-2009\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Visiting Student}; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Software Development\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/ChIPseeker"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ChIPseeker
}}}
: ChIP peak Annotation, Comparison and Visualization\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/clusterProfiler"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
clusterProfiler
}}}
: Comparing biological themes among gene clusters\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/DOSE"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
DOSE
}}}
: Disease Ontology Semantic and Enrichment analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/ggtree"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ggtree
}}}
: Phylogenetic tree viewer for different types of tree annotations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/GOSemSim"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GOSemSim
}}}
: GO-terms and gene samantic similarity measures\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/GuangchuangYu/ReactomePA"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ReactomePA
}}}
: Reactome pathway analysis\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Awards\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2013-2017, Postgraduate Studentships (for PhD students at The University of Hong Kong)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2012, Best paper of the year 2010, Journal of Integrated OMICS.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Grants\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2013 (completed), PI, Investigate functions of hnRNPK in regulating cytokinesis of human lung cancer cell, Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities (21613414), \u65509?100,000\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2011 (completed), PI, Dynamic proteomic analysis of HeLa cell cycle, Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities (21611303), \u65509?20,000\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Citation = 435, H-index = 10, I10-index = 11\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 (data from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=DO5oG40AAAAJ&hl=en"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Scholar
}}}
, Jan 2016)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}, DK Smith, H Zhu, Y Guan, TTY Lam{\super *}. ggtree: an R package for visualization and annotation of phylogenetic tree with different types of meta-data. {\b {\i Methods in Ecology and Evolution}}. Submitted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pubs.rsc.org/en/Content/ArticleLanding/2016/MB/C5MB00663E"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ReactomePA: an R/Bioconductor package for reactome pathway analysis and visualization
}}}
. {\b {\i Molecular BioSystems}}. 2016, Accepted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super *}, LG Wang, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/btv145"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ChIPseeker: an R/Bioconductor package for ChIP peak annotation, comparision and visualization
}}}
. {\b {\i Bioinformatics}}. 2015, 31(14):2382-2383.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super *}, LG Wang, GR Yan, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/btu684"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
DOSE: an R/Bioconductor package for Disease Ontology Semantic and Enrichment analysis
}}}
. {\b {\i Bioinformatics}}. 2015, 31(4):608-609.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab X Sun{\super \u8224?}, {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, Q Xu, N Li, C Xiao, X Yin, K Cao, J Han, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2013/mt/c3mt00126a"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Putative cobalt- and nickel-binding proteins and motifs in {\i Streptococcus pneumonia}
}}}
. {\b {\i Metallomics}}. 2013, 5(7):928-935.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 6.\tx360\tab YY Zhu{\super \u8224?}, {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, Y Zhang, Z Xu, YQ Huang, GR Yan{\super *}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/pmic.201200273/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
A novel andrographolide derivative AL-1 exerts its cytotoxicity on K562 cells through a ROS-dependent mechanism
}}}
. {\b {\i Proteomics}}, 2013, 13(1):169-178.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 7.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, LG Wang{\super \u8224?}, XH Meng, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.biomedcentral.com/1756-0500/5/360/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LXtoo: an integrated live Linux distribution for the bioinformatics community
}}}
. {\b {\i BMC Research Notes}}. 2012, 5(1):360.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 8.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}, LG Wang, Y Han, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/abs/10.1089/omi.2011.0118"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
clusterProfiler: an R package for comparing biological themes among gene clusters
}}}
. {\b {\i OMICS: A Journal of Integrative Biology}}. 2012, 16(5):284-287.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 9.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jclinbioinformatics.com/content/1/1/15/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Functional similarity analysis of human virus-encoded miRNAs
}}}
. {\b {\i Journal of Clinical Bioinformatics}}. 2011, 1(1):15.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 10.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, CL Xiao{\super \u8224?}, X Bo, CH Lu, Y Qin, S Zhan, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jiomics.com/index.php/jio/article/view/21"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
A new method for measuring functional similarity of microRNAs
}}}
. {\b {\i Journal of Integrated OMICS}}. 2011, 1(1):49-54.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 11.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, CL Xiao{\super \u8224?}, CH Lu{\super \u8224?}, HT Jia, F Ge, W Wang, XF Yin, HL Jia, JX He{\super *}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pubs.rsc.org/en/Content/ArticleLanding/2011/MB/C0MB00055H"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Phosphoproteome profile of human lung cancer cell line A549
}}}
. {\b {\i Molecular BioSystems}}. 2011, 7(2):472-479.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 12.\tx360\tab {\b G Yu}{\super \u8224?}, F Li{\super \u8224?}, Y Qin, X Bo{\super *}, Y Wu, S Wang{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/26/7/976"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GOSemSim: an R package for measuring semantic similarity among GO terms and gene products
}}}
. {\b {\i Bioinformatics}}. 2010, 26(7):976-978.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 13.\tx360\tab XY Yang, K He, G Du, X Wu, {\b G Yu}, Y Pan, G Zhang, X Sun, QY He. Integrated Translatomics with Proteomics to Identify Novel Iron\u8211-Transporting Proteins in {\i Streptococcus pneumoniae}. {\b {\i Frontiers Microbiology}}. 2016, Accepted\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 14.\tx360\tab PY Huang, CCD Lee, CH Yip, CL Cheung, {\b G Yu}, TTY Lam, DK Smith, H Zhu{\super *}, Y Guan{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1567134815300721"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Genetic characterization of highly pathogenic H5 influenza viruses from poultry in Taiwan, 2015
}}}
. {\b {\i Infection, Genetics and Evolution}}. 2016, 38:96-100.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 15.\tx360\tab SH Xu, JZ Huang, ML Xu, {\b G Yu}, XF Yin, D Chen{\super *}, GR Yan{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/path.4515/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ACK1 Promotes Gastric Cancer Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition and Metastasis through AKT-POU2F1-ECD Signaling
}}}
. {\b {\i The Journal of Pathology}}. 2015, 236(2):175-185.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 16.\tx360\tab Z Guo, J Han, XY Yang, K Cao, K He, G Du, G Zeng, L Zhang, {\b G Yu}, Z Sun, QY He{\super *}, X Sun{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2015/mt/C4MT00276H"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proteomic analysis on the copper resistance of {\i Streptococcus pneumonia}
}}}
. {\b {\i Metallomics}}. 2015, 7(3):448-454.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 17.\tx360\tab XY Yang, L Zhang, J Liu, N Li, {\b G Yu}, K Cao, J Han, G Zeng, Y Pan, X Sun{\super *}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1874391914005521"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proteomic analysis on the antibacterial activity of a Ru(II) complex against {\i Strepococcus pneumonia}
}}}
. {\b {\i Journal of Proteomics}}. 2015, 115:107-116.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 18.\tx360\tab N Wang{\super \u8224?}, J Zhang{\super \u8224?}, L Zhang, XY Yang, N Li, {\b G Yu}, J Han, K Cao, Z Guo, X Sun{\super *}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2014/mt/c4mt00027g"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proteomic analysis of putative heme-binding proteins in {\i Streptococcus pyogenes}
}}}
. {\b {\i Metallomics}}. 2014, 6(8):1451-1459.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 19.\tx360\tab H Sun{\super *}, J Weng, {\b G Yu}, RH Massawe. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0077090"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
A DNA-Based Semantic Fusion Model for Remote Sensing Data
}}}
. {\b {\i PLoS One}}. 2013, 8(10):e77090.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 20.\tx360\tab GR Yan{\super \u8224?}, Z Tan{\super \u8224?}, Y Wang, ML Xu, {\b G Yu}, Y Li{\super *}, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/pmic.201300152/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Quantitative Proteomics Characterization on the Anti-tumor Effects of Isodexyelephantopin against Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
}}}
. {\b {\i Proteomics}}. 2013, 13(21):3222-3232.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 21.\tx360\tab J Li, X Lu, Q Wu, {\b G Yu}, Z Xu, L Qiu, Z Pei, Y Lin, J Pang{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.eurekaselect.com/107734/article"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Design, SAR, angiogenic activities evaluation and pro-angiogenic mechanism of new marine cyclopeptide analogs
}}}
. {\b {\i Current Medicinal Chemistry}}. 2013, 20(9):1183-1194.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 22.\tx360\tab Y Han, {\b G Yu}, H Sarioglu, A Caballero-Martinez, F Schlott, M Ueffing, H Haase, C Peschel, AM Krackhardt{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1874391912007567"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proteomic investigation of the interactome of FMNL1 in hematopoietic cells unveils a role in calcium-dependent membrane plasticity
}}}
. {\b {\i Journal of Proteomics}}. 2013, 78:72-82.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 23.\tx360\tab Y Ma{\super \u8224?}, J Yang{\super \u8224?}, X Fan{\super \u8224?}, H Zhao, W Hu, Z Li, {\b G Yu}, X Ding, J Wang, X Bo, X Zheng, Z Zhou{\super *}, S Wang{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1582-4934.2012.01572.x/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Cellular MicroRNA let-7c Inhibits M1 Protein Expression of the H1N1 Influenza A Virus in Infected Human Lung Epithelial Cells
}}}
. {\b {\i Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine}}. 2012, 16(10):2539-2546.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 24.\tx360\tab GR Yan{\super \u8224?}, FY Zhou{\super \u8224?}, BL Dang, Y Zhang, {\b G Yu}, X Liu, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/pmic.201100652/abstract"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Genistein-induced mitotic arrest of gastric cancer cells by downregulating KIF20A, a proteomics study
}}}
. {\b {\i Proteomics}}. 2012, 12(14):2391-2399.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 25.\tx360\tab X Sun{\super \u8224?}, XY Yang{\super \u8224?}, XF Yin, {\b G Yu}, CL Xiao, X He, QY He{\super *}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.liebertonline.com/doi/abs/10.1089/omi.2010.0133"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Proteomic Analysis of Membrane Proteins from {\i Streptococcus pneumoniae} with Multiple Separation Methods plus High Accuracy Mass Spectrometry
}}}
. {\b {\i OMICS: A Journal of Integrative Biology}}. 2011, 15(10):683-694.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Book Chapters\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b G Yu}, \u8220"Bioinformatics II\u8221", in \u8220"Functional Protein Research\u8221", 385-425, Qing-Yu He (Eds), {\b {\i Science Press}}, 2012. (China\u8217's Twelfth Five-Year National Important Books Project, in Chinese)\sa180\par}
}
